AWS Terraform App Access, DB listeners variables (#13561)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/setup/deployments/aws-terraform.mdx

This must be a subdomain of the domain you chose for [`route53_zone`](#route53\_zone) above.

### add\_wildcard\_route53\_record
  

> Setting `export TF_VAR_add_wildcard_route53_record"`

Reviewer: Should there be an assignment here?

Author: addressed @ptgott

> Used to enable Application Access for subdomains of the Teleport Web Address. A wildcard entry for the public facing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to enable Application Access for subdomains of the Teleport Proxy Service's public web address. A wildcard entry for the public-facing 
```

> domain will be set in Route 53 , e.g. *.teleport.example.com, to point to the Teleport load balancer.  For ACM a wildcard 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
domain will be set in Route 53, e.g., `*.teleport.example.com`, to point to the Teleport load balancer. For ACM a wildcard 
```

> certificate is included if this is set true.  The LetsEncrypt automatically includes a wildcard subdomain as part of its issuance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate is included if this is set to `true`. Let's Encrypt automatically includes a wildcard subdomain in certificates that it issues.
```

### enable\_mongodb\_listener

> A port (27017) is enabled on the Network Load Balancer that connects to the Teleport MongoDB listener port.  Required for MongoDB database access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port `27017` is enabled on the Network Load Balancer that connects to the Teleport MongoDB listener port. Required for MongoDB database access.
```

  
### enable\_mysql\_listener

> A port (3036) is enabled on the Network Load Balancer that connects to the Teleport MySQL listener port.  Required for MySQL connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port `3036` is enabled on the Network Load Balancer that connects to the Teleport MySQL listener port. Required for MySQL connections.
```

  
### enable\_postgres\_listener

> A port (5432) is enabled on the Network Load Balancer that connects to the Teleport PostgreSQL listener port.  Required for PostgreSQL connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port `5432` is enabled on the Network Load Balancer that connects to the Teleport PostgreSQL listener port. Required for PostgreSQL connections.
```
